README.md, before:

# badges

![Static Badge](https://img.shields.io/badge/REACT-black?style=for-the-badge&logo=REACT&labelColor=black&color=%2361DBFB)
![Static Badge](https://img.shields.io/badge/JAVASCRIPT-black?style=for-the-badge&logo=JAVASCRIPT&labelColor=black&color=%23F0DB4F)
![Static Badge](https://img.shields.io/badge/NODEJS-black?style=for-the-badge&logo=NODE.js&labelColor=black&color=%233C873A)
![Static Badge](https://img.shields.io/badge/PYTHON-black?style=for-the-badge&logo=PYTHON&labelColor=black&color=%233776AB)
![Static Badge](https://img.shields.io/badge/MYSQL-black?style=for-the-badge&logo=mysql&labelColor=black&color=%233E6D90)
![Static Badge](https://img.shields.io/badge/MOBX-black?style=for-the-badge&logo=mobx&labelColor=black&color=%23FD9955)
![Static Badge](https://img.shields.io/badge/NUMPY-black?style=for-the-badge&logo=numpy&labelColor=black&color=%23F5F5F5)
![Static Badge](https://img.shields.io/badge/pytorch-black?style=for-the-badge&logo=pytorch&labelColor=black&color=%23EE4C2C)
![Static Badge](https://img.shields.io/badge/MONGODB-black?style=for-the-badge&logo=MONGODB&labelColor=black&color=%2347A248)

Commit message:

email resume summary on README

README.md, after:

## Hi, I'm Eirene 👋

I'm Eirene Lakshita a Software Engineer with more than 3 years of experience in building full-stack APIs and Machine Learning algorithms.
I spend most of my time making websites for non-profit organizations and building fun games.
### Top Technologies
![Static Badge](https://img.shields.io/badge/REACT-black?style=for-the-badge&logo=REACT&labelColor=black&color=%2361DBFB)
![Static Badge](https://img.shields.io/badge/JAVASCRIPT-black?style=for-the-badge&logo=JAVASCRIPT&labelColor=black&color=%23F0DB4F)
![Static Badge](https://img.shields.io/badge/NODEJS-black?style=for-the-badge&logo=NODE.js&labelColor=black&color=%233C873A)
![Static Badge](https://img.shields.io/badge/PYTHON-black?style=for-the-badge&logo=PYTHON&labelColor=black&color=%233776AB)
![Static Badge](https://img.shields.io/badge/MYSQL-black?style=for-the-badge&logo=mysql&labelColor=black&color=%233E6D90)
![Static Badge](https://img.shields.io/badge/MOBX-black?style=for-the-badge&logo=mobx&labelColor=black&color=%23FD9955)
![Static Badge](https://img.shields.io/badge/NUMPY-black?style=for-the-badge&logo=numpy&labelColor=black&color=%23F5F5F5)
![Static Badge](https://img.shields.io/badge/pytorch-black?style=for-the-badge&logo=pytorch&labelColor=black&color=%23EE4C2C)
![Static Badge](https://img.shields.io/badge/MONGODB-black?style=for-the-badge&logo=MONGODB&labelColor=black&color=%2347A248)

## Bizness
- 📎 [My Resume] (https://docs.google.com/document/d/e/2PACX-1vT9FhDsVcSqbrDz9j0PXZTUaGfPnaicmZyC53vJ0ViW2lbAQDBh6dEdAZakWLhZlTSGR72bev9X1w_p/pub)
- 📧 [laeirene59@gmail.com] (mailto:laeirene59@gmail.com)
